



Home work questions

Q1. Basic Vector Operations
Write a C++ program to:
a) Declare a vector of size 10.
b) Assign values 9 and 56 to the 6th and 8th elements.
c) Print the size of the vector.
d) Add two elements 100 and 200 to the vector.
e) Print the size of the vector after insertion.
f) Print all elements of the vector using a loop.


Q2. Basic Vector Operations
Write a C++ program to:
a) Declare a vector of size 10.
b) Assign values 9 and 56 to the 6th and 8th elements, respectively.
c) Print the size of the vector after the initialization.
d) Add two elements (100 and 200) to the end of the vector.
e) Print all the elements of the vector using a loop.

Q3. User Input & Basic Vector Manipulations
Write a C++ program to:
a) Declare an empty vector of integers.
b) Take input from the user to add 5 elements to the vector.
c) Print the vector size after adding elements.
d) Insert an element at the 2nd position of the vector.
e) Print the updated vector after inserting the new element.

Q4. Vector Operations: Searching and Modifying
Write a C++ program to:
a) Declare a vector with values {10, 20, 30, 40, 50}.
b) Find and print the element at the 3rd index.
c) Modify the element at the 1st index and assign it a value 15.
d) Search if the number 30 exists in the vector using find().
e) Print the vector after modifying the element.



Q5. User Input and Vector Operations
Write a program to:
a) Declare a vector of integers.
b) Take n (user input) as the number of elements.
c) Read n numbers from the user and store them in the vector.
d) Print all the elements of the vector.
e) Find the sum of all elements in the vector and print it.

Q6. Insert and Erase Elements in a Vector
Write a program to:
a) Declare a vector and initialize it with {10, 20, 30, 40, 50}.
b) Insert 25 at the 3rd position (index 2).
d) Print the  vector using a loop.

Q7. Reverse a Vector
Write a C++ program to:
a) Declare a vector and take n elements as input from the user.
b) Reverse the vector without using STL functions.
c) Print the reversed vector.

